Update BOSC_review_process.md (#28)
OBF/bosc_materials: BOSC_review_process.md

### Review of reviews

> After reviewers have submitted their reviews, a sub-committee will evaluate all reviews to make sure they are appropriate, and to ensure all reviewer comments are in line with the conference Code of Conduct. Refer to the [Review of Reviews SOP](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1HFbHD2K4CORRqHsqh5_yLea47XcujSSLUkydnSYsMnY/edit?usp=sharing) to learn more about the process and how the subcommittee is organized. If a decision is made that a review is non-compliant, we will ensure that the review is not included as part of the scoring process and is edited by the sub-committee before passing along any useful comments to the authors. Such decisions will be made on a case-by-case basis.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After reviewers have submitted their reviews, a sub-committee will evaluate all reviews to make sure they are appropriate, and to ensure all reviewer comments are in line with the conference Code of Conduct. Refer to the [Review of Reviews SOP](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1HFbHD2K4CORRqHsqh5_yLea47XcujSSLUkydnSYsMnY/edit) to learn more about the process and how the subcommittee is organized. If a decision is made that part or all of a review is non-compliant, we will ensure that the offending text is not included as part of the scoring process and is edited by the sub-committee before passing along any useful comments to the authors. Such decisions will be made on a case-by-case basis.
```

Reviewer: Thanks! Please add date (May 2022) to RoR doc.

Author: done!

If an author raises a complaint about a review or any communication during the review process, the review committee will evaluate the complaint to determine the proper course of action, after first notifying the author that the complaint has been received and is being looked into. At least two committee members will then be assigned to evaluate the complaint and whether it potentially violates the Code of Conduct.

> (Note that the [OBF Code of Conduct](https://github.com/OBF/obf-docs/pull/78) is currently in development; for BOSC 2022, the [ISMB/ECCB Code of Conduct](https://www.iscb.org/iscb-policy-statements/iscb-code-of-conduct) will apply.) If the sub-committee concludes that there was a CoC violation, the committee will follow the recommended reporting path as noted in the Code of Conduct. 

Reviewer: The OBF Code of Conduct was approved and merged in Jan 2022: https://github.com/OBF/obf-docs/tree/master/code-of-conduct

Need clarification here on which CoC applies to the RoR -- OBF or ISMB. (I'm actually not sure which it should be!)

Author: Yes, not clear either. Wouldn't ISMB COC apply only if BOSC is co-located with ISMB? Then it would differ on a year-by-year basis, right?

Reviewer 2: Also https://github.com/OBF/obf-docs/pull/78 has been merged now, so the OBF CoC is no longer "in development".

Reviewer: Right, I said just above that the OBF CoC was approved and merged. But which CoC applies here?
